The name of this App is NOZAMA.

The Electronic Store purpose is to facilitate the daily operations between a Online Store and customers of that shop.

It needs to simulate different processes, from Customer to Shop:

Customer: Observation of the shop website. Registration in the Shop. Add money to his account. Observation of the personal profile with its characteristics and the option of visualizing the list or products available. Choose products and have a final list with all products selected. Get its money subtracted. Get a record of his last operations.

Shop: Show the shop website. Administrator account with different possibilities: Add new products, List of all products available, Substract products sold. ADD Money according to the sales done. List of all sales done.

Add Roles: in the website you will have two options to access the shop; as owner or as a customer.
--------------------------------------------

Customer:

1. Observation of the shop website: you can see a list, boxes, of different products available. A square in orders to make the login or sign up if you want to register.
2. Registration in the shop: once you click that Square, you can enter information and by clicking finished, a new account and user is created.
3. Personal profile with information of the customer, money available, possibility to add money and lasts orders made.
4. Visualize the products available: see, again a list or boxes of products available with the possibility to add them to the cart.
5. Press button of ending the purchase and get a printed ticket.
6. Subtract the money used.
7. See again the profile with a new purchase added to its list.


Shop:

1. Show the shop website.
2. Have an administration account with possibility to do different things: Add new products, list all products available, substract products sold.
3. With every interaction they get products subtracted and receive money.
4. List of all operations done.

---------------------------------

HOW TO DO IT?

C1: We need to create the Front End side in orders to make all the products available in a list, be listed in a nice web format. Also, the possibility to have one square with a the possibility to create a new user.
C2: That square needs to have boxes for name registration, email used, password used. ONce this is done, the new user is saved in the database.
C3: Name, Surname, Age, Money available, Last purchases, Possibility to add more money.
C4: Front end side. Possibility to press the products in orders to add them to the purchase1 list.
C5: Possibility to press a button in orders to finish the purchase.
C5:Possibility to press a button in orders to finish the purchase.
C6: Subtract the money.
C7: Automatic come back to profile or a button to come back to the profile.

S1: Frontend side.
S2: Master account with a window that shows different operations possible for the owner of NOZAMA. ADD, SHOW, DELETE.
S3: Update the database with every customer interaction and show the stock available in real time.
S4: List of all the customers with their operations done.

---------------------------

TOOLS WE WILL USE:

C1: Spring or Angular?
C2: HTML, CSS
C3: HTML, CSS
C4: Spring, Angular?
C5: Java


----------------------------------

User Story Format:

User Story NZA-1:

Given admin user is created
When login with a username and password
Then user is logged in with admin role

User Story NZA-2:

Given user list is empty
When a new user is created with a username and password
Then a new user is available for login with an empty wallet

User Story NZA-3:

Given a new user with an empty wallet
When user adds money to the wallet
Then wallet has credit to make purchases

User Story NZA-4:

Given an empty admin product list (warehouse)
When refilling warehouse with the desired products
Then product list (warehouse) is filled

User Story NZA-5:

Given an empty customer product list (cart)
When user fills the cart with the desired products
Then product list (cart) is filled

User Story NZA-6:

Given a filled cart
When the user presses pay button
Then money is subtracted from users wallet and added to owners account
And a ticket (operation) is issued
And products are subtracted from warehouse
And products are subtracted from cart
And products are added to clients warehouse

User Story NZA-7:

Given a purchase done
When user logs out
Then user session is closed


